Update manage-microsoft-365-groups-with-powershell.md (#2935)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/manage-microsoft-365-groups-with-powershell.md

Once the cmdlet is executed, users can go to Outlook or Outlook on the web to send as the group, by adding the group email address to the **From** field.

> ## Create classifications for MIcrosoft 365 Groups in your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create classifications for Microsoft 365 Groups in your organization
```

You can create sensitivity labels that the users in your organization can set when they create a Microsoft 365 Group. If you want to classify groups, we recommend using sensitivity labels instead of the previous groups classification feature. For information about using sensitivity labels, see [Use sensitivity labels to protect content in Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 groups, and SharePoint sites](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels-teams-groups-sites).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you are currently using classification labels, they will no longer be available to users who create groups once sensitivity labels are enabled.

> You can still use the previous groups classification feature. You can create classifications that the users in your organization can set when they create an MIcrosoft 365 Group. For example, you can allow users to set "Standard", "Secret", and "Top Secret" on groups they create. Group classifications aren't set by default and you need to create it in order for your users to set it. Use Azure Active Directory PowerShell to point your users to your organization's usage guidelines for MIcrosoft 365 Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still use the previous groups classification feature. You can create classifications that the users in your organization can set when they create an Microsoft 365 Group. For example, you can allow users to set "Standard", "Secret", and "Top Secret" on groups they create. Group classifications aren't set by default and you need to create it in order for your users to set it. Use Azure Active Directory PowerShell to point your users to your organization's usage guidelines for Microsoft 365 Groups.
```

> Check out [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-settings-cmdlets) and follow the steps in the **Create settings at the directory level** to define the classification for MIcrosoft 365 Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-settings-cmdlets) and follow the steps in the **Create settings at the directory level** to define the classification for Microsoft 365 Groups.
```

Once these settings are enabled, the group owner will be able to choose a classification from the drop down menu in Outlook on the Web and Outlook, and save it from the **Edit** group page.

> ![Choose MIcrosoft 365 Group classification](../media/f8d4219a-6180-491d-b0e1-4313ac83998b.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Choose Microsoft 365 Group classification](../media/f8d4219a-6180-491d-b0e1-4313ac83998b.png)
```

> ## Hide MIcrosoft 365 Groups from GAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hide Microsoft 365 Groups from the global address list.
```

<a name="BKMK_CreateClassification"> </a>

> You can specify whether an MIcrosoft 365 Group appears in the global address list (GAL) and other lists in your organization. For example, if you have a legal department group that you don't want to show up in the address list, you can stop that group from appearing in GAL. Run the Set-Unified Group cmdlet to hide the group from address list like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify whether a Microsoft 365 Group appears in the global address list (GAL) and other lists in your organization. For example, if you have a legal department group that you don't want to show up in the address list, you can stop that group from appearing in the GAL. Run the Set-Unified Group cmdlet to hide the group from the address list like this:
```

```powershell
Set-UnifiedGroup -Identity "Legal Department" -HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled $true
```

> ## Allow only internal users to send message to MIcrosoft 365 Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Allow only internal users to send message to Microsoft 365 Groups
```

> ## Allow only internal users to send message to MIcrosoft 365 Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Allow only internal users to send message to Microsoft 365 Groups
```

<a name="BKMK_CreateClassification"> </a>

> If you don't want users from other organization to send email to an MIcrosoft 365 Group, you can change the settings for that group. It will allow only internal users to send an email to your group. If external user try to send message to that group they will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want users from other organizations to send emails to a Microsoft 365 Group, you can change the settings for that group. It will allow only internal users to send an email to your group. If an external user tries to send a message to that group, it will be rejected.
```

Run the Set-UnifiedGroup cmdlet to update this setting, like this:

```powershell
Set-UnifiedGroup -Identity "Internal senders only" -RequireSenderAuthenticationEnabled $true
```

> ## Add MailTips to the MIcrosoft 365 Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add MailTips to Microsoft 365 Groups
```

<a name="BKMK_CreateClassification"> </a>

> Whenever a sender tries to send an email to an MIcrosoft 365 Group, a MailTip can be shown to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a sender tries to send an email to a Microsoft 365 Group, a MailTip can be shown to them.
```

Set-UnifiedGroup -Identity "MailaTip Group" -MailTip "This group has a MailTip" -MailTipTranslations "@{Add="ES:Esta caja no se supervisa."
```

> ## Change Display name of the MIcrosoft 365 Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change the display name of the Microsoft 365 Group
```

> Display name specifies the name of the MIcrosoft 365 Group. You can see this name in your exchange admin center or Microsoft 365 admin center. You can edit the display name of the group or assign a display name to an existing MIcrosoft 365 Group by running the Set-UnifiedGroup command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The display name specifies the name of the Microsoft 365 Group. You can see this name in your exchange admin center or Microsoft 365 admin center. You can edit the display name of the group or assign a display name to an existing Microsoft 365 Group by running the Set-UnifiedGroup command:
```

```powershell
Set-UnifiedGroup -Identity "mygroup@contoso.com" -DisplayName "My new group"
```

> ## Change the default setting of MIcrosoft 365 Groups for Outlook to Public or Private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change the default setting of Microsoft 365 Groups for Outlook to Public or Private
```

<a name="BKMK_CreateClassification"> </a>

> MIcrosoft 365 Groups in Outlook are created as Private by default. If your organization wantsMIcrosoft 365 Groups to be created as Public by default (or back to Private), use this PowerShell cmdlet syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft 365 Groups in Outlook are created as Private by default. If your organization wants Microsoft 365 Groups to be created as Public by default (or back to Private), use this PowerShell cmdlet syntax:
```

To learn more, see [Set-OrganizationConfig](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/set-organizationconfig) and [Get-OrganizationConfig](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/get-organizationconfig).

> ## MIcrosoft 365 Groups cmdlets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Microsoft 365 Groups cmdlets
```

> The following cmdlets can be used with MIcrosoft 365 Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following cmdlets can be used with Microsoft 365 Groups.
```

|**Cmdlet name**|**Description**|
|:-----|:-----|

> |[Get-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616182) <br/> |Use this cmdlet to look up existing MIcrosoft 365 Groups, and to view properties of the group object  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Get-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616182) <br/> |Use this cmdlet to look up existing Microsoft 365 Groups, and to view properties of the group object  <br/> |
```

> |[Set-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616189) <br/> |Update the properties of a specific MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Set-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616189) <br/> |Update the properties of a specific Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

> |[New-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616183) <br/> |Create a new MIcrosoft 365 Group. This cmdlet provides a minimal set of parameters, for setting values for extended properties use Set-UnifiedGroup after creating the new group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[New-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616183) <br/> |Create a new Microsoft 365 Group. This cmdlet provides a minimal set of parameters. To set values for extended properties, use Set-UnifiedGroup after creating the new group  <br/> |
```

> |[Remove-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616186) <br/> |Delete an existing MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Remove-UnifiedGroup](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616186) <br/> |Delete an existing Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

> |[Get-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616194) <br/> |Retrieve membership and owner information for an MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Get-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616194) <br/> |Retrieve membership and owner information for a Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

> |[Add-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616191) <br/> |Add hundred or thousands of users, or new owners, to an existing MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Add-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616191) <br/> |Add hundreds or thousands of users, or new owners, to an existing Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

> |[Remove-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616195) <br/> |Remove owners and members from an existing MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Remove-UnifiedGroupLinks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616195) <br/> |Remove owners and members from an existing Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

|[Get-UserPhoto](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=536510) <br/> |Used to view information about the user photo associated with an account. User photos are stored in Active Directory  <br/> |
|[Set-UserPhoto](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=536511) <br/> |Used to associate a user photo with an account. User photos are stored in Active Directory  <br/> |

> |[Remove-UserPhoto](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=536512) <br/> |Remove the photo for an MIcrosoft 365 Group  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Remove-UserPhoto](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=536512) <br/> |Remove the photo for an Microsoft 365 Group  <br/> |
```

## Related topics

> [Upgrade distribution lists to MIcrosoft 365 Groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/manage/upgrade-distribution-lists)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Upgrade distribution lists to Microsoft 365 Groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/manage/upgrade-distribution-lists)
```

> [Manage who can create MIcrosoft 365 Groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/create-groups/manage-creation-of-groups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Manage who can create Microsoft 365 Groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/create-groups/manage-creation-of-groups)
```

> [Manage guest access to MIcrosoft 365 Groups](https://support.office.com/article/bfc7a840-868f-4fd6-a390-f347bf51aff6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Manage guest access to Microsoft 365 Groups](https://support.office.com/article/bfc7a840-868f-4fd6-a390-f347bf51aff6)
```
